# PowerBi_Financial_Analysis_Project_ABC_company

Overview: 
This power-bi dashboard provides a comprehensive overview of ABC company's financial performance in around the world. The dashboard offers valuable insights on key financial performance indicators such as total revenue, average revenue etc.

Problem Statement: Financial management team of ABC company wants to know how the company was performed in 2019 and 2020. They want to know the total and avg revenue generated from different country, different store and different region. They also want to know the total revenue generated by any sales representative. They also want to compare revenue to revenue from different time period.

Objectives: The primary aim of this dashboard is to demonstrate the company's financial performance from 2011 to 2014, allowing financial management team to gain a clear understanding and make informed decisions.

Tools: To complete this project, Python programing language and Power-Bi have been used. Python libraries such as pandas and matplotlib has been used to clean the data sets. And using Microsoft Power-Bi the final dash board was created.

Dashboard Components:
1. Key Performance Indicators (KPI):
•	Total Revenue
•	Average Revenue
•	Total Country
•	Total Transaction
2. Tree Map chart: Visualizes the total revenue generated from different store and total revenue generated by different gender.
3. Pie Chart: Illustrates the total revenue breakdown by region.
4. Donut Chart: Shows the share of revenue contributed by each product category.
5. Line Chart: Shows the revenue trend by months and years.
6. Area Chart: Shows the total contribution of different age group.
7. Stacked Bar Chart: Displays the total revenue generated by different country.
8. Table: Shows a summary of sales representatives, their age, total sales and total revenue generated by them.

User Experience Features:
1. Filters: Users can refine the data by year, store segment, and quarter segment so that the dashboard can fulfill user’s specific needs.

Conclusion: This financial dashboard is a powerful tool that will help the financial team of ABC company with clear and intuitive visualizations, interactive filters, and valuable insights. It will equip them with the information needed to make well-informed decisions about the company's finance, ultimately driving better outcomes.
